doc: known_issues: Add NCSDK-30802 (#19678)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_esb` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2.9

> NCSDK-30802: Packet retransmission is not working properly in the ESB for the nRF54 series.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-30802: Packet retransmission is not working properly in the ESB for the nRF54H Series devices
  An nRF54H device suddenly stops transmitting ESB packets.

```
- The first line with the Jira issue never ends with a fullstop.
- Another line (indented two spaces) is needed to give a bit more information. Please improve it, if this proposal not good enough. It comes from the Jira issue.
